Filter input (#332)
primer/design: content/components/filter-input.mdx

⚠️ This list will change a lot over the next month to accomodate different teams.

### Generics

The `state:` qualifier has multiple variants to improve the experience for specific items:

- `state`: For both pull requests and issues (no icons)
- `state-pr`: For only pull requests (with icons)
- `state-issue`: For only issues (with icons)

Therefore it's important to use the correct qualifier as soon as you can determine if you're filtering to pull requests or issues.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204605560-47a3e722-7459-4ba9-b25b-3a7a03a44241.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use the `state-pr` variant when filtering pull requests.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204605557-0a7f7be6-9c11-4a6e-a790-59c8a3b31f4d.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't use the `state` variant when filtering pull requests.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Highlighting

If invalid values are used we don't show highlighting.

> While this applies to all qualifiers we do understand that for the ones that depend on our api endpoints (`users`, `repositories`, `organisations`...) we can't always accurately match every result and therefore while not ideal we can always highlight those. For example when not single signed-on to a organisation some repositories might not be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this applies to all qualifiers we do understand that for the ones that depend on our api endpoints (`users`, `repositories`, `organisations`...) we can't always accurately match every result and therefore while not ideal we always highlight those. For example when not single signed-on to a organisation some repositories might not be returned.
```

Also consider that users might copy paste strings containing qualifiers. In this case you need to run through every qualifier to set the highlight if needed.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205069299-569989df-e6b7-410f-bcf6-5106774887a0.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Remove highlighting on values when they are invalid.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205069297-b9e03b40-0d52-4079-966d-e6d089440ab6.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't show highlighting on invalid values.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### No matches

> When no matches are found we stop suggesting items through the popover and don't show that there aren't any matches.

Reviewer: I don't quite get this. Do you mean `and don't show anything`?

Author: Yup updated!

In rare cases the user could be searching for `format:format` within the content of items they are filtering to and this will still allow them to do so.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205070358-9e160253-d3d5-4354-809b-ff52071eea1e.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Stop suggesting if no matches are found.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205070353-845bf3b5-de35-4c17-86f5-9d4f953b935a.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't show a empty state when no matches are found.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Values with spaces

Some qualifiers like `location:` might have values which contain spaces. eg: `Amsterdam, Netherlands`. In this we encapsulate the value between straight quotes (not smart quotes).

Without this it would be hard for the parser to understand where the value ends.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205074856-ae4b1b8b-7276-4d6d-8177-baa465241b30.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use straight quotes around values with spaces.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205074852-1b3376d9-aee1-4ba3-994b-84305604e0bf.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />

>     <Caption>Don't use quotes around values with spaces.</Caption>

Reviewer: I don't get it. Should I use quotes or not?

Author: Haha whoops that's some true inception here.

Replaced with `Don't use values with spaces without quotes`

  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Deprecate where possible

There are many qualifiers on our platform that could be unified or deleted. For example `type:` can now be replaced by `is:`.
Remember that deprecating means that we stop suggesting those options to users but we still keep them available in the backend until we see usage declining to low volumes.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205077546-5f36d476-0d8f-4613-a928-c959f4759413.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use a predefined qualifier where possible.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205077302-f48f4553-d091-45b4-b6ed-ef29f7246119.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use a custom qualifiers instead of a predefined one.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Formatting

Always list qualifiers in a readable way and don't include all their options by using descriptions.
We do this to ensure that qualifiers are easy scannable and have enough context.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205068312-041f8244-7b38-47a6-939a-f221b188786a.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>List qualifiers in a readable way and without their options.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205068307-5ee7f056-2c38-4c31-8f7c-5df6dbb0562c.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't list qualifiers as their raw value with possible options.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

## Options

### Size

Filter inputs can have 3 different sizes:

<img
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204341476-89ad64b4-3232-42dd-894a-003877738cb7.png"

>   role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

---
title: Filter input
status: Experimental
description: A input that provides suggestions through qualifiers and highlights complex filter syntax.
figma: https://www.figma.com/file/GCvY3Qv8czRgZgvl1dG6lp/Primer-Web?node-id=1927%3A0
---

import {Box, Text} from '@primer/react'

## Overview

> A input that provides suggestions through qualifiers and highlights complex filter syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An input that provides suggestions through qualifiers and highlights complex filter syntax.
```

## Anatomy

<img
  width="960"

>   alt="A diagram of an action bar with a few buttons, a divider and at the end a button that opens an overflow menu."

Reviewer: Missing alt text / wrong text from other docs.

  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204337049-f8dad70b-efdb-4cea-a33b-eba2c050fb84.png"
/>

## Content

### Icon

> A filter input allows free form text searching as well as using qualifiers to apply filters to narrow down your search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A filter input allows free form text searching as well as using qualifiers to narrow down your search.
```
Could we simplify it like this?

Since this filter input has to always support free form text searching using a filter icon could give the impression free form text search isn't available.
Therefore you should always use a search icon as a leading visual in the input.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204516414-4e6e00ba-38f7-49e5-8a80-9e3bc91ccd97.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />

>     <Caption>Use only a search icon in a filter input.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Caption>Use the search icon in a filter input.</Caption>
```

  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204516427-75b0a18d-9f61-4541-931c-ba0e8175fa07.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't use a filter icon in a filter input.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Submit

There are two ways this component can trigger submission of the input value.

1. Provide a search button next to the filter input
2. Auto update results as the value changes

### Clear button

> The clear button only appears when there is at least one character entered in the input. When the input is empty the clear button should dissapear again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The clear button only appears when there is at least one character entered in the input. When the input is empty the clear button disappears again.
```

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204872106-ff9e6eb7-dc9a-421a-a82e-4a3df9115795.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Hide the clear button when the input is empty.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204872101-33720780-4f9a-4141-bffc-4d008dde755e.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't show the clear button when the input is empty.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Sorting

There are two different states that should be considered when providing suggestions:

1. **Default**: You've entered a matching qualifier and get default suggestions. For example: `author:`.
2. **Narrow down**: You've entered a value after your qualifier to narrow down the suggestions. For example: `author:max`

<img
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204564567-1e972877-f05e-4a3e-873f-ffb5d0eb5ded.png"

>   role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

  width="960"
/>

We should always strive to provide as relevant results as possible when dealing with `user`, `organization`, `repository`, `issue`, `pull request` items. This can be done through a mix of considerations:

1. Objects you've interacted with
2. Organizations you're part of and it's members
3. Repositories you're part of and it's members
4. [Approximate string matching](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Approximate_string_matching) (fuzzy)

> Let's take the `author:` as an example. During this `default` state we aren't searching through the authors yet and want to provide a default list with users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take the `author:` as an example. While in the `default` state we aren't searching through the authors and want to provide a default list with users.
```

> In this case it's crucial we make those suggestions as relevant as possible therefore we rank them based on how often/recently you've interacted with them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's crucial we make the suggestions as relevant as possible therefore we rank them based on how often/recently you've interacted with them.
```

Once we start narrowing down those results by using `author:max` we enter the `narrow down` state and apply approximate string matching on those suggestions. In this case we still rank users that I've recently interacted with or that are part of my organization/repositories higher.

> Sadly not all our infrastructure can currently apply this logic and therefore often we'll have to fall back on alphabetical ordering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all our infrastructure supports this logic yet. If not available we fall back on alphabetical ordering.
```

For static items that only return a handful of suggestions we often can just order items through common sense:

<img

>   src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204575372-8a3119fa-0d85-4e95-8cb3-90e7c74ddaf4.png"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

  role="presentation"
  width="960"
/>

## Qualifiers

The filter input comes with a list of predefined qualifiers and prestyled suggestions. This ensures everyone aligns on the same qualifiers as well as on the styling of suggestions.

<img
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204522022-c1141b98-7f13-48fe-a85f-9e8f90edb8f1.png"

>   role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

| `updated`         | static | `Today`, `This week`, `This month`, `Oct 19, 2007`, `Before June 4, 2018`, `After June 4, 2018` | `>YYYY-MM-DD`, `YYY-MM-DD` | [View](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204581785-61de646f-491a-41cf-b87a-dc02afbd8847.png) |
| `extension`       | static | `md, Markdown`, `json, JavaScript Object Notation`...                                           | `md`                       | [View](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204581698-e7c6401d-66f4-4d3b-8c23-1e6c3012654f.png) |

⚠️ This list will change a lot over the next month to accomodate different teams.

### Generics

The `state:` qualifier has multiple variants to improve the experience for specific items:

- `state`: For both pull requests and issues (no icons)
- `state-pr`: For only pull requests (with icons)
- `state-issue`: For only issues (with icons)

Therefore it's important to use the correct qualifier as soon as you can determine if you're filtering to pull requests or issues.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204605560-47a3e722-7459-4ba9-b25b-3a7a03a44241.png"

>       role="presentation"

Reviewer: Missing alt tag

---

import {Box, Text} from '@primer/react'

<Note>
  This component is not available in production yet however multiple teams are currently contributing to this.
</Note>

## Overview

An input that provides suggestions through qualifiers and highlights complex filter syntax.

## Anatomy

<img
  width="960"
  alt="The filter input annotated with specific naming for individual items. The input has a 'label:bug state:open assignee:' value and shows multiple suggestions for users."
  src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204337049-f8dad70b-efdb-4cea-a33b-eba2c050fb84.png"
/>

## Content

### Icon

A filter input allows free form text searching as well as using qualifiers to narrow down your search.
The filter input always supports free form text search. This is why you should use the search icon as a leading visual. A filter icon could give the impression that free form text search isn't available.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204516414-4e6e00ba-38f7-49e5-8a80-9e3bc91ccd97.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input that has a magnifying glass icon on the left side."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input that has a magnifying glass icon on the left side."
```

    />
    <Caption>Use the search icon in a filter input.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204516427-75b0a18d-9f61-4541-931c-ba0e8175fa07.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input that has a filter icon on the left side which consists out of 3 lines getting incrementally smaller."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input that has a filter icon on the left side which consists of 3 lines getting incrementally smaller."
```

    />
    <Caption>Don't use a filter icon in a filter input.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Submit

There are two ways this component can trigger submission of the input value.

1. Provide a search button next to the filter input
2. Auto update results as the value changes

### Clear button

The clear button only appears when there is at least one character entered in the input. When the input is empty the clear button disappears again.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204872106-ff9e6eb7-dc9a-421a-a82e-4a3df9115795.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input without a value."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input without a value."
```

    />
    <Caption>Hide the clear button when the input is empty.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204872101-33720780-4f9a-4141-bffc-4d008dde755e.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input without a value showing a clear button in it on the right."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input without a value showing a clear button on the right."
```

    />
    <Caption>Don't show the clear button when the input is empty.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

> It's important to stick to an icon for clearing the input to avoid any confusion with the value of the input. Especially when the input has a value that is long and gets close to the clear button this could be an problem if it was a link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use an icon instead of a link for clearing the input. This avoids confusion with the value of the input. Especially when the input has a long value that gets close to the clear button a link could be problematic.
```

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/206299392-9399c13b-ee1c-4bc9-9c9c-d177fb76a06b.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input without a value show a circular clear button with a x icon in it on the right."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input without a value incorrectly shows a circular clear button with a x icon on the right."
```

    />

>     <Caption>Use a icon with a x icon to to clear the input.</Caption>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <Caption>Use a circular clear button with an x icon to clear the input.</Caption>
```

  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/206299390-808585c6-8d78-4dc6-949b-7aa20cccc4c4.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input without a value showing a 'clear' link on the right."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input without a value showing a 'clear' link on the right."
```

| `extension`       | static | `md, Markdown`, `json, JavaScript Object Notation`...                                           | `md`                       | [View](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204581698-e7c6401d-66f4-4d3b-8c23-1e6c3012654f.png) |

⚠️ This list will change a lot over the next month to accomodate different teams.

### Generics

The `state:` qualifier has multiple variants to improve the experience for specific items:

- `state`: For both pull requests and issues (no icons)
- `state-pr`: For only pull requests (with icons)
- `state-issue`: For only issues (with icons)

Therefore it's important to use the correct qualifier as soon as you can determine if you're filtering to pull requests or issues.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204605560-47a3e722-7459-4ba9-b25b-3a7a03a44241.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'is:pr state:' showing suggestions with colorful icons: 'Open', 'Merged', 'Closed' and 'Draft'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with value 'is:pr state:' showing suggestions with colored icons: 'Open', 'Merged', 'Closed' and 'Draft'"
```

    />
    <Caption>Use the `state-pr` variant when filtering pull requests.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/204605557-0a7f7be6-9c11-4a6e-a790-59c8a3b31f4d.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'is:pr state:' showing suggestions without icons: 'Open', 'Merged', 'Closed' and 'Draft'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with value 'is:pr state:' showing suggestions without icons: 'Open', 'Merged', 'Closed' and 'Draft'"
```

    />
    <Caption>Don't use the `state` variant when filtering pull requests.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Highlighting

If invalid values are used we don't show highlighting.

While this applies to all qualifiers we do understand that for the ones that depend on our api endpoints (`users`, `repositories`, `organisations`...) we can't always accurately match every result and therefore while not ideal we always highlight those. For example when not single signed-on to a organisation some repositories might not be returned.
Also consider that users might copy paste strings containing qualifiers. In this case you need to run through every qualifier to set the highlight if needed.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205069299-569989df-e6b7-410f-bcf6-5106774887a0.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'is:bananas' where 'bananas' isn't highlighted."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with value 'is:bananas' where 'bananas' isn't highlighted."
```

    />
    <Caption>Remove highlighting on values when they are invalid.</Caption>

  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205069297-b9e03b40-0d52-4079-966d-e6d089440ab6.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'is:bananas' where 'bananas' is highlighted."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'is:bananas' where 'bananas' is highlighted."
```

    />
    <Caption>Don't show highlighting on invalid values.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### No matches

When no matches are found we stop suggesting items through the popover and don't show anything.
In rare cases the user could be searching for `format:format` within the content of items they are filtering to and this will still allow them to do so.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205070358-9e160253-d3d5-4354-809b-ff52071eea1e.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'author:username-not-found'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'author:username-not-found'"
```

    />
    <Caption>Stop suggesting if no matches are found.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205070353-845bf3b5-de35-4c17-86f5-9d4f953b935a.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'author:username-not-found' and a suggestion showing 'Not found, Try a different username'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'author:username-not-found' and a suggestion showing 'Not found, try a different username'"
```

    />
    <Caption>Don't show an empty state when no matches are found.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Values with spaces

Some qualifiers like `location:` might have values which contain spaces. eg: 'Amsterdam, Netherlands'. In this case we encapsulate the value between straight quotes (not smart quotes).

Without this it would be hard for the parser to understand where the value ends.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205074856-ae4b1b8b-7276-4d6d-8177-baa465241b30.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A input with value 'location:'Amsterdam, Netherlands''."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'location:'Amsterdam, Netherlands''."
```

    />
    <Caption>Use straight quotes around values with spaces.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205074852-1b3376d9-aee1-4ba3-994b-84305604e0bf.png"
      role="presentation"

>       alt="A input with value 'location:Amsterdam, Netherlands'."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'location:Amsterdam, Netherlands'."
```

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Don't use values with spaces without quotes.</Caption>
  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Deprecate where possible

There are many qualifiers on our platform that could be unified or deleted. For example `type:` can now be replaced by `is:`.
Remember that deprecating means that we stop suggesting those options to users but we still keep them available in the backend until we see usage declining to low volumes.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205077546-5f36d476-0d8f-4613-a928-c959f4759413.png"
      role="presentation"

>       alt="A input with value 'is:' suggesting options: 'Issue' and 'Pull request'. The options also include icons."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'is:' suggesting options: 'Issue' and 'Pull request'. The options also include icons."
```

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use a predefined qualifier where possible.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205077302-f48f4553-d091-45b4-b6ed-ef29f7246119.png"
      role="presentation"

>       alt="A input with value 'type:' suggesting options: 'Issue' and 'Pull request'. The options are missing icons."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An input with the value 'type:' suggesting options: 'Issue' and 'Pull request'. The options are missing icons."
```

      width="456"
    />
    <Caption>Use a custom qualifiers instead of a predefined one.</Caption>

  </Dont>
</DoDontContainer>

### Formatting

Always list qualifiers in a readable way and don't include all their options by using descriptions.
We do this to ensure that qualifiers are easy to scan and have enough context.

<DoDontContainer>
  <Do>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205068312-041f8244-7b38-47a6-939a-f221b188786a.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A empty filter input showing initial suggestions: 'Assignee', 'Is', 'Repository', 'State' and 'Total comments'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An empty filter input showing initial suggestions: 'Assignee', 'Is', 'Repository', 'State' and 'Total comments'"
```

    />
    <Caption>List qualifiers in a readable way and without their options.</Caption>
  </Do>
  <Dont>
    <img
      src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/980622/205068307-5ee7f056-2c38-4c31-8f7c-5df6dbb0562c.png"
      role="presentation"
      width="456"

>       alt="A empty filter input showing initial suggestions with all the possible combinations: 'assignee: username, username', 'is: pr, issue, project', 'repo: github/github, github/primer', 'state: open, closed, draft', 'comments: >400, 100...200'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      alt="An empty filter input showing initial suggestions with all the possible combinations: 'assignee: username, username', 'is: pr, issue, project', 'repo: github/github, github/primer', 'state: open, closed, draft', 'comments: >400, 100...200'"
```
